Add description for isolationLevel (#3310)
pingcap/docs: tispark-overview.md

It is recommended to set `isolationLevel` to `NONE` to avoid large single transactions which might potentially lead to TiDB OOM.

> **Note:**
>

> > When you use JDBC, the default value of `isolationLevel` is `READ_UNCOMMITTED`, which causes the error of not supporting isolation level transactions. It is recommended to set the value of `isolationLevel` to `NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you use JDBC, the default value of `isolationLevel` is `READ_UNCOMMITTED`, which causes the error of unsupported isolation level transactions. It is recommended to set the value of `isolationLevel` to `NONE`.
```
